A good article (GA) is an article that meets a core set of editorial standards but is not featured article quality. Good articles meet the good article criteria, passing through the good article nomination process successfully. They are well written, contain factually accurate and verifiable information, are broad in coverage, neutral in point of view, stable, and illustrated, where possible, by relevant images with suitable copyright licenses. Good articles do not have to be as comprehensive as featured articles, but they should not omit any major facets of the topic: a comparison of the criteria for good and featured articles describes further differences.

Currently, out of the 5,766,730 articles on Wikipedia, 28,944 are categorized as good articles (about 1 in 200), most of which are listed below. An additional 5,413 are listed as featured articles (about 1 in 1,070) and 3,417 as featured lists (about 1 in 1,690). Because articles are only included on one list, a good article that has been promoted to featured status is removed from the good articles list. Adding good and featured articles and lists together gives a total of 37,774 articles (about 1 in 153). A small plus sign inside a circle (This symbol designates good articles on Wikipedia.) in the top-right corner of an article's page indicates that the article is good.

The process for designating an article as a good article is intentionally straightforward. Any editor, preferably one who creates or contributes to an article, who believes that the article meets the good article criteria, may nominate the article for an impartial reviewer to assess. Another editor will review the article after selecting it from a queue of good article nominations then evaluating it against the good article criteria. The nominated article will be added to the list of good articles below if it is accepted by the reviewer. Anyone may nominate or review an article by following the instructions. Similarly, anyone may propose that an article which no longer meets the good article criteria be removed from the list, following the instructions for reassessment.

More good content is available at Wikipedia:Good topics. 